Integrate CyberChef-server instance for CyberChef integration (#35447)
demisto/content: Packs/CyberChef/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations

##### CyberChef

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/cyberchef:1.0.0.104247*.

> - Add cyberchef node package as dependency to execute cyberchef local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for cyberchef node package as dependency to execute cyberchef locally.
```
See https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/documentation/release-notes for more information.
